Welcome to Go Kart Centralen. We're excited
to have you here for some high speed thrills.
Before you hit the track and try the sport of
go kart, let's go over some important safety
information. Please note that karting may not
be suitable for everyone and all driving is
at your own risk. If you're pregnant, have serious
health conditions or have consumed alcohol
or drugs, please refrain from karting. First,
Empty your pockets and put loose hanging clothing
and any headwear that cannot be worn inside
the helmet in a locker. Now it's time to put
on your safety gear. If you have long hair,
tie it up and tuck it into your clothing to
prevent potential injury. Put on the balaclava
and then the helmet. This is your go-kart.
The accelerator pedal is on the right and the
brake is on the left. Never press both pedals
at the same time. You can adjust your cart seat
by pulling up the red strap between your legs
and moving in the desired direction. Adjust
the steering wheel by pulling the black knob
below it and adjust the pedals by firmly pressing
the green button below the black knob. Remember
to fasten your seatbelt before driving. When
signaled by the pit crew, start your cart by
releasing the pedals and pressing the blue button
once. Perform a brake test by driving up to
the pit crew with the red flag and coming to
a complete stop. Continue onto the track once
the crew lowers the flag. To reverse, first
release all pedals and make sure no car is
nearby. Then hold down the blue button and slowly
press the accelerator.
When you see the blue flag, move to the side
of the track and let the other driver overtake
you on the inside of the turn. If you nudge
other drivers or crash into the barriers, you
will get a warning flag. If you repeat this
behavior, you will be disqualified with a black flag.
The end of the race is indicated by red lights
along the track. When you see them blinking,
slowly drive into the pit lane. Never exit the
vehicle outside of the pit lane. If you need
assistance, stay in the cart and raise your
hand. After the briefing, look for your picture
on the TV screens and take a seat in the cart
with your number. You're all set. Good luck and have fun.